what's up everybody Alex you with the
ragin run review I'm just on Michael Bay
calm right now and then I saw that uh
someone posted a TV spot that was
showing on American Idol just uh maybe
half hour ago I haven't watched it yet
but apparently of some people are saying
that is just like two seconds of like a
really nice scene so but everything else
is just like our shortened rehash of the
trailer so I don't even know if I should
just do a reaction on this but let's see
what this is anyways a nice version I
don't want to watch no TV recorded
version look at that um okay check this
out let's shift on moving around on
Twitter I mean checking around Twitter
and then we have two new TV spots once
called everything once called secret
okay well I guess one of them's supposed
to be the like a rehash of a 30-second
version of the theatrical trailer so
let's check this out
grave mistake
it's over sorry miss Wang
Warners on Michael Bay film 3d pg-13
June 29 I thought it was gonna be a
rehash all it was but I'm gonna let you
watch it for yourself I'm not gonna I'm
gonna put a link in the description box
and you go ahead and watch it I don't
want it I don't want to say anything
maybe you have the same reaction as me
but uh I saw something funny that made
me kind of jump okay now I'm going to
watch this other one so the secret TV
spot doesn't have a whole lot of new
scenes in fact it's only one new scene I
didn't get quite the same reaction
anyways this Alex you thanks for
watching ray general review peace